Update README.md (#625)
semgrep/semgrep: README.md

`semgrep` is LGPL-licensed, feel free to help out: [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/returntocorp/sgrep/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md).

`semgrep` is a frontend to a larger program analysis library named [pfff](https://github.com/returntocorp/pfff/), where it was named `sgrep`. pfff began and was open-sourced at [Facebook](https://github.com/facebookarchive/pfff) but is now archived and the primary maintainer works at [r2c](https://r2c.dev).

## Commercial Support

`semgrep` is proudly supported by [r2c](https://r2c.dev). We're hiring! 

> Interested in a fully-supported, hosted version of semgrep? [Join the mailing list](TODO) and we'll ping you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interested in a fully-supported, hosted version of semgrep? [Join the mailing list](https://forms.gle/dpUUvSo1WtELL8DW6) and we'll ping you!
```
